[datadog_dashboard] Add note about tf managed dashboard lists when using `dashboard_lists` resource (#1975)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/resources/dashboard.md

### Optional

> - `dashboard_lists` (Set of Number) A list of dashboard lists this dashboard belongs to. This attribute should not be set if managing the corresponding dashboard lists using terraform as it will cause inconsistent results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `dashboard_lists` (Set of Number) A list of dashboard lists this dashboard belongs to. This attribute should not be set if managing the corresponding dashboard lists using Terraform, as it causes inconsistent results.
```
